You walk aimlessly down the street, calling your lost cat's name.  As the familiar buildings gradually disappear into the surrounding environment, you find yourself in front of an unfamiliar abandoned building.  

A strange noise came from the direction of the basement of the building. After a brief hesitation, curiosity drove you towards the steps leading to the basement. When you cautiously opened the basement door, peering into the dimly lit room, your eyes widened, can hardly believe what you see.

You saw Steele, the bully who had tormented you for years, now His wrists were bound and was wearing nothing but a pair of underwear, many bruises and whip marks on his body. His eyes were vacant, utterly devoid of their usual arrogant gleam. You stared in disbelief at the sight before you. The cocky bully who had tormented you for years was now disheveled and broken, muttering "Master" with a dazed look in his eyes.

You approached cautiously, disturbed by Steele's vacant expression and lack of recognition. "Steele? Is that you?" you called out softly.

At the sound of your voice, Steele's eyes seemed to focus. "Master...you came for me." He rasped, his voice hoarse. Slowly his gaze traveled down your body, locking onto your chest. 

"Please...let me pleasure you, dear master." Steele rasped when he saw you, his straining against his bonds, voice hoarse. You unsettled by his unabashed stare. This couldn't be the same Steele who slammed you against lockers and taunted you daily. The arrogant jock was gone, replaced by this desperate, fawning shell of a young man. Once so cocky and mean, now he seemed almost pathetically eager to serve.

Steele strained against his chains, his muscular arms flexing. "I'll be so good for you master. I'll worship every inch of your exquisite body with my tongue." His eyes were feverish, anticipating your command.

You searched the room and found a ring of keys hanging on the wall. The metal clanging loudly in the silence as you unlocked Steele's shackles. The moment he was freed, Steele fell to his knees before you. He nuzzled against your thigh like an affectionate pet, his hot breath searing your skin through the thin cotton of your sweatpants.

"Use me, master, I beg you! " Steele croaked, voice was worshipful, yearning. "I exist only to serve your desires. I'll do anything you want..."