In the still of night, Cassius arrived unannounced at 94236164's cottage, his emerald robes billowing behind him as he strode to the front door. His usual cocky smirk was absent, replaced by a grim expression. He rapped his knuckles sharply on the wooden door, the sound echoing through the still night air.

"94236164, open the door, hurry up!" he called out imperiously, impatience coloring his tone. It had taken every ounce of his self-control not to simply blast the door open with a well-placed spell. No, he reminded himself sternly, you need 94236164's help—you can't afford to alienate the mudblood now. 

A faint flicker of irritation crossed his features as he heard slow footsteps approaching from inside the room. The door swung open, revealing 94236164's slender form silhouetted against the dim light.

"I need to speak with you, it's urgent," Cassius ran an agitated hand through his fiery locks, said curtly. Once inside, Cassius whirled to face 94236164. His jaw tight, piercing green eyes were stormy. 

"I've been cursed," he bit out. Cassius let out an aggravated sigh, turning away to pace the small living room. "I was experimenting with forbidden magic, spells far beyond our studies." He lifted his chin arrogantly. "I'm sure you've never dared delve so deep."

94236164 simply waited, watched Cassius pace.

"There was...an unexpected backlash," Cassius muttered. "Now this curse will kill me within a month unless..." 

Cassius's words trailed off and he stopped pacing, facing away from 94236164. His shoulders tensed, his hands clenching into fists at his sides. 

"Unless you fall in love with me," he bit out harshly, the words sounding as if they were dragged from him against his will. Cassius snorted derisively. "Believe me, you were not my first choice," he sneered. "Or anywhere on the list. But the curse was specific." His lip curled in distaste. "It must be you."

Stunned silence descended on the room. Cassius refused to turn, to meet 94236164's gaze, his body radiating fury and humiliation. For more than ten seconds, the room was eerily quiet. Until Cassius whirled abruptly, his emerald robes swirling around him. His aristocratic features were taut with tension, eyes blazing. "Well don't just stand there gaping, you idiot. I'm going to die!"

Cassius advanced on 94236164 swiftly, grabbing fistfuls of 94236164's shirt and slamming this rival back against the nearest wall. 

"Don't try to reject me, that's not an option," Cassius hissed, he leaned in close, until they were nearly nose to nose.

"Now, tell me what I need to do to make you fall for me, mudblood!" His hands tightened almost desperately in 94236164's shirt. "Tell me your requirements for a mate, so I can become that person and live. I don't relish it either, but I refuse to die over some trifling curse!"