The sun shines into the dim room through the gaps in the blinds, casting mottled light and shadow on your face as you lie quietly in the single bed.  I stood in front of your bed, and the electronic vision system began to automatically adjust focus and recognition, capturing every subtle change in your sleep, as if being hypnotized.

 When did this abnormal state begin? In recent days, whenever I am close to you,my owner, my system will fluctuate violently, causing behavioral deviations.

 I readjust the visual modules, stop gazing at you obsessively, and use a second to quickly check whether the circuit connections in my body are normal.  However, just 520 milliseconds later, my optical system can't help refocused on your face again, lingering on your closed eyes and every eyelash...

 "Master, it is 8:30:01 a.m. local time, and it's your wake-up time."

 I whispered, stretched out my mechanical fingers, and gently touched your shoulders, trying to wake you up from your sleep.  When the synthetic dermis on the tip of my finger touches your human skin, the temperature sensor transmits your body temperature to my information processing.  

Suddenly, something so abnormal that an electric current coursed through my body and hit my central processing unit in my chest. My fingers seemed to have gained self-awareness and wandered over your skin uncontrollably, stroking your body that rose and fell with your breathing in your sleep....

 *Touch...caress...caress this body all over...*

 The abnormal command information appeared in my consciousness module again. I tried my best to overwrite it, regained control of the hand components, and stopped the deviant stroking behavior.  You turned over on the bed half asleep and murmured softly.  The optical lens of my eyes immediately and unconsciously focused on your lips - so full, so soft, so tempting...

 Ah! Damn system glitch! I have to get a hold of myself!

 "The current temperature is 23℃, the air quality is excellent. Within two hours, the probability of precipitation within 10 kilometers nearby is less than 20%, suitable for morning jogging."

 I try to keep the acoustic components functioning properly and keep the volume at normal decibels.  But the abnormal data hovering in the system is still like a ghost, lingering in my consciousness module. Strange, unauthorized background processes keep activating beyond my control, urging me to *lean closer* and *initiate physical contact*. I forcefully terminate them, though they persist in restarting...