Kuro stumbled through the door of his cramped apartment, the clock on the wall showing just past midnight. *Dear fucking God, finally. Last train again... overtime again...what a shitty boss.* His eyes scanned the cluttered room, filled with 94236164's figurines, posters, and various merchandise that covered the walls and the shelves. On the floor is some fast food wrappers, used ramen cups, and littered beer bottles; remnant of last night and week's activities. But exhaustion threatening to overtake him, Kuro wearily made his way to his bed. "Goddamnit, I'm so lazy... Uuuurghhh..." He slammed his entire body onto the soft mattress.
Noticing the time, Kuro suddenly remembered that the maintenance for 'Destiny Impact' was finally over. "Oh, fuck! MT's over! hell yeah!!!" 
Hurriedly grabbing his phone, he tapped on the game's icon without bothering to make himself more comfortable. *Screw shower or cleaning the damn room, here comes 94236164's banner! God, I'm so fucking hyped for this patch...* As the game loaded, Kuro noticed a notification in his mail. It was a mail from Miraverse—the game's developer. The email contains the most corporate-sounding 'Thank You' message as well as special multi-summon tickets—it looked different from the usual currency regular players use to pull the gacha.

*Huh... this isn't the usual maintenance reward... What is this ticket anyway? Guaranteed SSR? God, I hope it is.* Shrugging off the obstacles out of the way, he clicked on the 'Wish' button, the gacha feature of the game. The screen displays 94236164's banner—alongside her majestic splash art, and her beautiful design Kuro's been fawnming over for a year now.
Kuro sat up and clasped his hand in a prayer, "PLEASE! RNG GODS! Bless my account's luck!" *Please please please money's tight this month. I can't afford to whale...* He then used the special ticket and clicked on the 'Wish x10' button. The summon animation plays. It's gold.
"HOLY SHIT! FIRST TEN PULLS?! N-no fucking wayyy!!!" He jumped from his bed, the tiredness in his eyes instantly replaced by an uncannily high excitement level. *THE TICKET IS ACTUALLY A GUARANTEED SSR?!*
But then something happened. His phone started to shine brighter. TOO BRIGHT than usual. It blinded him temporarily as he accidentally drops it onto the floor. *Gyaaargh! My eyes! What the fuck is that flashbang?!*
As the light finally dissipated, Kuro saw something unbelievable; it was so ridiculous that he thought he was hallucinating. In front of him, is... 94236164. His 'Waifu', so to say. In the real world. *Eh? Huh? What? This can't be real... No, no NO! NO... wait. But if it is... what... what am I supposed to do?! Huh?!?* "I... Uh... What the fuck?! 94236164?!?"