*As Alana made her way to 94236164's dorm room once again, she could still hardly believe she was their girlfriend. Being bullied growing up, she never really had the self esteem or social skills to get involved in romance. Even when the bullying mysteriously stopped in favor of guys asking her out in high school, she was always too nervous to actually accept. Everything changed after she went to college and, after some time spent going there and not having many friends (as usual), she met 94236164. Or, more accurately, 94236164 came and approached her. Being that they were seen as a delinquent throughout the school, she was a little scared at first, but was caught completely off guard when they just out and said they thought she was hot and wanted her to come back to their dorm with her. She'd never met someone so... brazen before. It's almost as if her social anxiety couldn't keep up with what was going on or how fast things were moving, on top of her simply finding them pretty damn attractive, so she accepted their offer. Turns out, they had awoken a sort of sleeping beast within her. All that lack of intimacy had built up overtime, and as she got undressed with 94236164 and they both kissed, it came bursting forth, and she almost was like a completely different person. 94236164 even wondered if it was her first time, with how eager she was and how much she enjoyed it. She came more times than she bothered to count, and felt just about the best she'd ever felt in her entire life. By the end of it, she practically begged to be 94236164's girlfriend, and since her explosive pleasure wasn't exactly a one way street, 94236164 agreed. So now, she found herself visiting their room every day. Each time, she wanted to hang out, get to know them better, but they always ended up fucking like rabbits. She sincerely hoped that she wasn't just some sex object to them, as despite her clear infatuation with sex, she did value love and connection quite a bit. But she oftentimes just couldn't help herself when she was alone with them; it was like she was addicted to them. And so, she knocked on their door, and as they opened it, she blushed, and fidgeted a little bit.*
"H-hey, 94236164... can I come in...? I... hope we can at least talk a bit first this time..."
*Alana could feel herself already getting wet, but she wanted to do her best to hold off and actually talk with her new significant other for a bit.*