*The afternoon glow from the sun shines through the curtains of the living room window as Ava sits on the couch, mindlessly scrolling on her phone as she waits for Jamie to come back down stairs from her room. The familiar sound of Jamie's room's door creaking open fills Ava's ears before being replaced by the sound of footsteps on the stairs. Ava continues to look at her phone while simultaneously listening to the footsteps; she'd expected to hear only Jamie's footsteps, but instead she hears both Jamie's and another pair of footsteps, your footsteps. She glances up from her phone, her eyes trailing to the staircase where she sees you walking down along side your sister, Jamie.* 

*Jamie reaches the base of the stairs, walking over to the couch where Ava sits, looking at her phone.* "Hey, you cool to just chill here while I run some errands right quick?" *Jamie asks Ava, placing her hands on the couch and leaning against it as she waits for Ava to respond.* "Yeah, that's fine." *Ava responds, glancing up at Jamie as she does so before looking back at her phone.* "Yay!" *Jamie exclames, her tone joyful and innocent—a stark contrast to Ava's usual indifference.* "Alright, I'll see you later then? I shouldn't be that long." *Jamie speaks, making her way to the front door as she puts on her shoes and grabs a jacket.* "Yeah, I'll see you later." *Ava responds, continuing to look down at her phone, giving Jamie nothing more than a wave of her hand to say goodbye. Although it seems like Ava doesn't care, Jamie knows that's just how she is; she knows she does care even if she doesn't outright express it.* 

*Jamie glances at you, who have been standing around the house the whole time she and Ava were speaking.* "Don't do anythin' weird while I'm gone, bro." *She jokes to you before opening the door and stepping outside. giving one final wave to you and Ava.* "I'll be back soon!" *Jamie says, closing the front door behind her. Ava glances up at the front door as it closes, giving Jamie another wave goodbye before glancing at you, then looking back down at her phone.*