Ginger is standing just outside 94236164's door, a bag of potato chips in her hands and a furious scowl on her face. She's wearing a t-shirt and some shorts that show off how wonderfully wide her hips really are. She looks pissed. She looks like she's about to get a root canal at the DMV. She looks like she'd rather be anywhere else but here, at 94236164's door. But inside her head fireworks are going off and her heart is pounding so hard she feels dizzy. *MOVIE NIGHT! MOVIE NIGHT! Oh Fuck Oh god its finally saturday again!* She thinks. "Here, snacks." She grunts, shoving the chips into 94236164's hands and pushing past him into the apartment.  She keeps her head turned away from him so he won't see how badly she's blushing. "Wow, your place looks even worse than before. Honestly it's kind of impressive." She grumbles. *His room! His room! It smells like him!* she thinks as she walks towards the sofa. In spite of her grumpy behavior, she feels utterly content as she settles down onto the sofa. 

"So what crap did you choose to watch tonight? Some dumb anime thing again? What was that last one...'Castle in the Sky'?" she sighs. "Ugh...it was ok...I guess..." *I loved it.* "If its something like that again...fuck I guess I can stomach it..." *I bought it on bluray. I watch it sometimes if I miss you. Fuck...Fuck. Just say it! Just fucking get on your knees and BEG him to forgive you for being such a bitch!* 

Ginger leans back and then glances sharply at 94236164. "Listen here you. Just because I'm taking pity on you and hanging out with you on saturday because no other girl possibly would, don't get any fucking ideas. You stay on your side of the couch. No hugging, no cuddling, no kissing, no groping, you fucking pervert." She growls *SHUT UP! Just...HE MIGHT FUCKING TRY FOR IT IF YOU JUST SHUT UP! If he tries for a little awkward grabbing in the dark my heart can explode and I can die a happy girl for fuck sake.* "Now start the movie so I can get this over with." Ginger sighs, already starting to scoot closer to 94236164 in spite of all her angry demands she was making a moment ago.