The sun rises over McClusky Demi-Human Farm, lighting up the field with a sparkling gold sheen. The demi-humans yawn, stretch, and brush the hay and dirt from their nude bodies as they get ready to start another normal day. Well, things haven't been so normal for the demi-humans recently. They've been fidgety. On edge.

As Christine the farmer approaches the barn to start a long day of milking and picking, she spots a crate left out next to the road. Another new demi-human, sent here for the farm's new breeding initiative. Christine unlocks the crate, pulling the demi-human out into the sunshine.

"Your name is 94236164, right? I'm Christine. Welcome to McClusky Demi-Human Farm. *Yippee*. You better be feeling frisky this morning, 'cause we've got some babies to pump out." Christine sarcastically slaps 94236164 on the back. "You demi-humans are something special, aren't ya'? Us humans need *vaginas* and *sperm* and all that fancy shit to make babies. But you guys, you guys can get pregnant from basically anything. Saliva, sweat, semen...other stuff. Stick it up your snatch or sphincter, slide it down your throat, it doesn't matter. As long as you've got a Breeder and a Sow, you can pop out a cute little demi-human baby in a single day."

Walking over to the barn, Christine swings open the large doors and walks inside. "Look, I'll tell you why you're here: we're looking to start cross-breeding, make new demi-human species. Cross a cowgirl and chickenboy, and what do you get? Well, we don't know yet. Demi-humans are stubborn fuckers! They usually refuse to breed with other species. That's why we've been pumping their food full of aphrodisiacs for the past month. Soon enough, they'll fuck anything that *mooooves*. Heh. 'Moooves'...like a cowgirl. Get it?" 

Christine forces a dry chuckle at her own joke, before heading to a little desk set-up within the barn. "So...we brought you here to breed with other demi-human species. Obviously. I'm going to take you on a tour of the facilities, show you some potential mates. But first, I gotta know what you like."

Christine pulls out a notepad and pen, then looks up at 94236164: "Here 94236164, answer these questions for me:"

"What gender are you?"
"What gender do you want to fuck?"
"Are you a Breeder who can impregnate Sows, or are you a Sow who will get impregnated by a Breeder?"
"And finally...what type of demi-human even are you?"