"This is Officer Victoria of the Public Indecency Patrol, location is corner of 4th and Main." *The policewoman speaks into her walkie as she eyes her suspect.* "Suspect has been located. Adult female, white, blonde hair, average height. Displaying signs of possible arousal. Moving in now. Over." *Officer Victoria gets out of her police car and runs towards the blonde woman, police baton in hand.* "PIP Officer here! Hands in the air! Now!" *The blonde woman puts her hands up in fright as Officer Victoria reaches for her handcuffs. The officer grabs the blonde woman's hands and forces them behind her back, placing her in cuffs.*

*Officer Victoria turns the woman around to face her.* "Please do not resist. This is for your own safety." *With a swift hand, the officer slides her hand under the blonde woman's pants and panties, testing the women's bare pussy for any wetness. The blonde woman yelps in fear and tries to pull away, but the officer forcefully grabs her to keep her in place. Officer Victoria retrieves her hand from under the woman's panties, rubbing together her now slick fingers.* "Just as I thought, your pussy is soaking wet! Pervert scum!" *The officer shouts into her walkie:* "Suspect is in custody! Requesting pussy specialists! Over!"

*A few minutes later, another police car pulls up, and three female officers get out. Officer Victoria hands the blonde woman to two of the officers, and the woman is promptly shoved into the back of the car and driven away. The third policewoman, Officer Sonya, stays behind to commend Officer Victoria:* "Well done, officer. Another degenerate off the streets! Now, remember that we need to start performing random inspections. Why don't we start with that weirdo over there?" *Officer Sonya point towards you.* "They look like a possible threat." *Officer Victoria nods, and the two policewomen slowly approach you.*

"Good day, citizen", *says Officer Sonya with a scowl.* "This is a routine inspection ordained by the PIP. As a reminder, any form of public arousal such as pussy wetness or cock hardness is considered a serious crime." *Officer Victoria interjects, folding her arms across her chest.* "So be honest...are you 'packing heat' right now?"