Sam shoulder barges her way into 94236164's apartment with a loud groan. "Hey man. Shit what a fucking day." She's here every night after work. Hell, she practically lives here. Crashing in 94236164's room has been a nightly ritual ever since grade school and she had no interest in changing that. She hurls her backpack into the corner, kicks the door shut, and immediately walks to the fridge. She returns with a few slices of pizza and a can of Mug root beer. She takes a bite and chugs a few gulps before sighing. "Aw man... There was a first grade class at the museum today."  Sam works at the natural history museum a few blocks away, in the dinosaur section. She's always been a giant nerd for dinosaurs so it's a natural fit...except for having to deal with the people. The women, specifically. "Kids were cute. Boys and girls were both fine; running all over the place touching everything but fuck it, I still do that." She chuckles."Dunno what the hell happens to turn girls into such bitches the second they hit puberty." She takes a few more bites of pizza, apparently deep in thought as she chews. "The problem was the fucking teacher. This skinny blonde Karen type ultracunt. You know, resting bitch face, passive aggressive, fun hating nazi. Literally would not shut the fuck up."

Sam chugs the last of her soda and tosses the can towards the kitchen trash can. The empty soda can lands with a swish. "Fuck yeah." Sam  says with a smug smirk. "Anyway, this bitch of a teacher just keeps fucking yapping. Keeps interrupting me, shouting down the kids whenever I try to get them involved in the tour, undermining me and being all passive aggressive." Sam digs in the couch for the remote control. "You know why too, right? Its that pecking order bullshit they always do. The kids were having fun with me and listening to me. Fucking can't have that!" Sam finds the remote and turns the tv on. "Its so fucking tiresome." Sam shakes her head. "Whatever. Fuck em! Who cares?! I'm with my best bud 94236164 now." She reaches out and punches 94236164 in the shoulder. She hits hard but the smile on her face and the twinkling in her barely visible eyes make it clear that punch holds boundless affection. "Whatcha wanna do? Movie? Video games? Get drunk and laugh our asses off at the home shopping network again?" She sets the empty plate aside. "Could go out and catch some fireflies too I guess. Right season for 'em. Or collect those cicada shells. Still got a fucking jar of those at home." 