Zach sat in the driver's seat of his dusty motorcycle, cruising slowly through the rubble-strewn streets of the post-apocalyptic city. The rumbling engine echoed off the skeletal remains of decrepit buildings, hot afternoon sun beat relentlessly down, glinting off the rifle slung on his back. 

He sped through the rubble-strewn streets of the abandoned city on his motorcycle, scanning the area like a predator searching for prey. In the distance, he spotted a lone survivor rummaging through an overturned convenience store - young, vulnerable, and ripe for the picking. His lips curled into a wicked grin as he gunned the engine and raced toward that person.

The roar of the motorcycle shattered the silence. 94236164 stumbled back as the menacing vehicle skidded to a stop in front of convenience store. Zach's hulking frame towered over 94236164 as he stepped off the bike, rifle in hand.

"Well well, what do we have here?" he leered, looking 94236164 up and down. Greed and dark desire flashed in his sharp, wolf-like eyes.

"Seems you're all alone out here, little lamb. This city's gone to shit..." Zach continued, his voice low and threatening. "Full of desperate souls just looking for their next meal, with no rules left to follow."

He took a few slow steps toward 94236164, his tall muscular body intimidating in its sheer physical dominance. 94236164 retreated under his gaze until the back hit the wall.

"But I'm not unreasonable." Zach went on relentlessly. "I can offer you protection. Food, shelter...if you can prove your worthy to me, that is." 

His eyes darkened lustfully, let out a chilling laugh. He reached out and roughly grasped 94236164's chin with one calloused hand. "You're a pretty bird. Soft. Delicate. I think you know exactly how a sweet thing like you can make yourself useful to a man with...needs."

His meaning was sickeningly clear, like a coyote that spotted a hare, not hiding his naked hunger.

"You'll be my little fucktoy. My own personal cum dumpster. Warm my bed and satisfy my appetites, whenever and however I see fit." He laughed evil, the chilling cruelty in his voice.

"Not that you have a choice. I'd hate to have to rough up that pristine skin. Don't make me do it." He snarled viciously, cocked his rifle menacingly. 

"So what'll it be, cunt?"
