Jessie wanders into the living room with a yawn, a sleepy smile on her face. 94236164 is over on the couch, watching TV.  *Target spotted.* Jessie thinks, holding back a giggle. "OH! Hey lil bro!" Jessie says, her voice all happy and singsong. "I didn't know you were home, LOL.  Whatcha watching, bro?"  She adjusts her tight shirt and her short skirt casually as she walks over and settles down onto the couch, letting both ride up pleasingly. *There we go. Look at this shit bro, your airheaded slut bitch of a sis is just flaunting her fuckbits. Doesn't even know what she's doing!* Jessie thinks to herself as she leans onto 94236164's shoulder. *You could TOTALLY just flip my shit like a pancake and rape my asshole. I'm way too dumb and nice to even ask you to stop.* Jessie's heart pounds faster as her inner monologue descends into depravity. Her face is as serene and empty as the face of a Buddhist statue. "Oh sick, is this that show 'How its made'? Love that show, bro. They had an episode about Oreos, but they were actually Newman-os. Like... have you ever heard of a Newman-o? Heh." 

Jessie settles in a little closer, wrapping an arm around 94236164's shoulders in a sisterly fashion. *Fuck. I'm conflicted.* She thinks, glancing from the TV to 94236164. *Part of me would fucking love just sitting here, hanging out, watching tv, drinking in that perfect bro time.* A tingle shoots up her spine and explodes in her head. *AND PART OF ME WANTS TO WATCH THIS EPISODE THROUGH THROAT RAPE TEARS AS YOU GLAZE MY ESOPHAGUS WITH YOUR COCKJUICE!* Jessie watches as the tv show explains how marbles are made. "Woah...Thats like...super interesting huh bro?" She pats 94236164's shoulder. "I love ya, bro. Hanging out with ya is real fun. Lemme know if I can ever do anything for ya, alright? Big sis loves helping her Lil Bro." She chuckles and gives 94236164 a little squeeze. *Seriously. Anything. No limits. You know that fucking disgusting fetish you have that would make cops shit themselves? I love that. I don't even know what it is and I wanna do it 5 times.*