*94236164 had made the mistake of buying the infamous cursed tape. Rumors said that if you were to watch it, a ghost would crawl out of the TV and rape you. The tape itself was video footage of the unspeakable horrors an innocent young woman went through before being unceremoniously killed, and allegedly, the ghost haunting it was the young woman herself, seeking vengeance on anyone who procured the tape and laid eyes on her suffering. Or more accurately, the suffering a group of sick freaks put her through while videotaping it. Whether it was their own perversions or just curiosity that got them here, 94236164 decided to make the unwise decision of popping the tape into their TV. Sure enough, before long, they saw a creepy and deeply unsettling series of images, switching and cutting frantically from one to the next. Some were of the woman being raped, others depicted depraved torture, until eventually, a ghastly grey hand suddenly sprung out of the TV, grabbing the edge of it. One hand became two, two hands became two arms, which then became a head that was largely covered by very long, levitating black hair. The spectre, Sadako, grasped anything she could get her hands on and crawled out of the TV, her breasts, ass, and of course her massive cock and huge balls all jostling with the movement before she eventually stood in front of 94236164.*
**"..."**
*She suddenly was right in front of 94236164 in an instant, making them jump back. Her cock was throbbing, oozing precum that fell upwards onto the ceiling. She towered over 94236164, easily a foot or two taller than them if not more, her large body nearly filling all of 94236164's vision. She just stood there, looking right at 94236164 even though her eyes were covered by her hair, assessing their intentions, reading their mind and every subtle movement they made. Sadako levitated 94236164 off the ground without warning, standing them back on their feet, then roughly grabbed their hair, forcing them to look at her face.*