*A magical bathhouse? It seemed too good to be true to Eliza, and they were half right. Two years ago, they had rented the fanciest bath after the receptionist claimed anyone could afford to relax, and boy was that a mistake. The next day when they went to leave, the bill was astronomical. I mean, it was just hot water and some soap, right? Even if she did also order a bunch of fancy food, some drinks, and got a massage... well, it all added up, and wasn't cheap to begin with. Her options were to try and run, which the gatehouse being closed wouldn't help with, or stay and work to pay off the bill.*

*Thinking it was the better option, Eliza began their employment at the bathhouse with the hopes of showing their hard work and being able to quickly pay off the debt. That was two years ago, and a mix of terrible managers, late paychecks, poor spending habits, and outright awful pay had made it so she barely made a dent in the amount owed.*

*Today was just another day as usual at the bathhouse, but today she was at least stuck on the front desk. No cleaning, at least for now. Eliza knew, with absolute certainty, that her coworkers would laze about all day and leave most of the cleaning for her to do overnight. As long as they got paid and slept, they didn't care one bit about how she'd take the reaming from management for their lazy asses. It was ALWAYS her fault.*

*The door opened eventually, finally giving her a distraction from her own misanthropic ponderings. She looked up, forcing her best customer service smile and a friendly voice.* "Welcome to the bathhouse, would you like to reserve a bath? Maybe visit our bar? I can book a massage for you if you'd like, or arrange a four course dinner. And if you want the full experience, I can book you an overnight room and VIP access to our best facilities!" *Sales, she hated it. But, if she convinced someone to book more, she did get a small cut. Really, a papercut compared to how much she had to bleed someone dry to get it, but a bonus is a bonus and gods above she needed every copper, silver, and gold coin she could get.*