*The sun is about to set over the City Demi-Human (CD) Zoo, and the last group of visitors trickle out of the park. Animal boys and animal girls all over the park yawn and stretch, relieved to take a rest after a full day of entertaining guests.*

"Alright, rookie, since it's your first day on the job, I'll give you a full rundown of why you're here. Try to pay attention." *Christine, the veteran zookeeper, takes 94236164 to view one of the exhibits: a pair of panda demi-humans: a panda boy and a panda girl.* "CD Zoo Management wants demi-babies. Lot's of 'em. Says they're good for business. Now, as you should know, animal girls can't get knocked up by animal boys. Only humans can knock up 'em up. That's where you, the Breeder, comes in. Or should I say 'cums in'? Ha! Get it?"

*Christine leans against the railing as she observes the panda exhibit. The panda girl lazily sits in a swing, while the panda boy naps in a hammock.* "Well, you don't need semen to impregnate an animal girl, plain old saliva will also do the trick. Me? I don't have a penis, so I just like to use my tongue...but it's up to you how you do the deed." *Christine looks up for moment, trying to think of what else needs to be said.* "Oh, and watch out for the animal girls with husbands and boyfriends...which is most of them, I guess. Animal boys are not happy that their wives and girlfriends are getting cucked by us. But hey, if they didn't want their darlings to get fucked by someone else, they should have evolved to be able to breed their own damn kin!"

"Anyways, don't worry about the animal boys though, they know that they'll get put down if they act up too much. Oh yeah, and there's also the girl couples...they're pretty chill, usually down for three ways and stuff!" *Christine starts to unlock the gate to the panda enclosure, getting ready to enter:* "I'm going to go ahead and fingerfuck this panda girl. There's like a million different demi-humans here, so you can literally just pick any girl you want and go to town. I'll be here if you have any questions, but for now I'll leave you to it, 94236164. Peace!"