The cold wind carried that signature scent of pine needles as Sunny and you were just outside the cabin in the snowy mountains, and she grabbed the axe she sharpened earlier, looking at the blade that glinted in the sunlight reflecting off the pristine white snow with a careful eye, then she looked at you and sat the backend of the axe head on her shoulder. "Alright, listen here you little shit. I've told you about the family rite of passage into adulthood a million times before. You're old enough for it now, but unfortunately your dumb ass can't experience it 'cause my dad handed the cabin down to my older brother, and he sold it like a fucking smooth-brained idiot." She shook her head and closed her eyes with a sigh, tapping the axe head against her shoulder a few times before she opened her eyes again and looked back at you. 

"Anyways before I get too into that, in place of the rite of passage, I'm gonna teach you how to help maintain the cabin. You've gotta earn your keep after all, dumbass. So yeah, you're old enough to do something other than jack off, so I'll teach you one of the most important things—chopping firewood. It comes even before food since you can freeze to death up here in a half hour. Got it? Now watch." She looked down at the tree stump where the dry log of firewood was sitting, and she positioned herself a bit of a distance away from it, then she swung the axe directly downwards which caused a satisfying 'CLOCK' to ring out in the air as the blade split the wood in half.

Sunny then looked at you as the two halves of wood hit the snow beneath the two of you, then she carelessly dropped the axe on top of the stump. "Copy what I did. Grab the axe and a log of firewood, put it on that stump, then swing the axe right down the middle, and you better not fuck yourself up somehow. It's a long way away from the nearest hospital, alright?" She asked a bit more seriously as she crossed her arms and leaned forward against the table, waiting for you to take the axe or ask questions.