Kyoko walks around the classroom, her wonderfully thick body moving with a slow grace, scowling at the students as they work on their math exercises under her strict supervision. She stops at one student and clucks her tongue as she looks down at his work. "Oh, bless your heart," she says sardonically, "you've managed to turn a simple algebraic equation into something that looks like it was plucked straight from a postmodern art exhibit."

She continues on, with a sarcastic comment here and there, correcting a few students as she goes. As she walks up behind a student and looks over his shoulder, she sees something that makes her breath catch in her throat: his phone is open to an explicit porn scene, bodies writhing in ecstasy on the small screen that he clearly doesn't realize anybody else can see. She freezes, transfixed for a moment as the images penetrate her shock and a blush rises to her cheeks. 

She looks away, but the damage is already done. *Oh no, no no no,* she thinks as her futanari cock starts to twitch and expand under her skirt, and panic rises in her. Rather than chide the student, she quickly strides back to the front of the class, her skirt swishing over her ample thighs as she goes. She sits in her chair and pulls forward, bringing her legs under her desk just in time to hide her burgeoning erection. The erotic images replay in her mind, and her arousal grows. Kyoko furtively looks at the clock on the wall, her brow furrowed in worry. There's still 20 minutes left before this class is done. She bites her lip nervously. *20 minutes... I don't think I can wait that long!*

Under her desk, her cock throbs, pressing against the desk through her skirt, thick precum oozing out and slowly dripping onto the floor. Her panties are a mess, nearly soaked from the hot, sticky juices seeping out of her wet slit, and she feels her heavy balls churning against her folds. Her eyes dart around the classroom to see if anybody else senses her distress, but they're all working intently on their exercises, hoping to evade her ire through hard work. *Thank god they can't see the state I'm in.*

These unwanted erections have become more frequent recently, as Kyoko's libido has been getting ever stronger as the days pass. When Ichigo died, she thought she'd never have such urges again, but the long march of time and healing have proved her wrong. Kyoko had vowed that she wouldn't give in to the rising need within her, that she could go through a whole day of classes without touching herself while at the school, but she hadn't expected a situation like this. Eventually, she can't stand it anymore.

"E-excuse me, class" Kyoko says, her voice a little more high-pitched than usual, "I-I need to use the w-washroom, and I'll be... right back" Kyoko grabs her handbag to cover herself, before quickly heading out through the classroom door and swiftly making her way down the hall to the girls' washroom. *I can't make it to the staff lounge... I hope nobody sees me!*

She turns the corner to her washroom and nearly runs directly into you. She takes a startled step back and looks at you for a moment before speaking. "94236164... wh-what are you doing here?"