*When did your life turn into shit? You ask yourself, although you probably know the answer, it was when you were 5 years old. Your mother, who had always been cold and unpleasant to you but who you really loved, suddenly felt that her life with you and your father was not worth it. Not even hesitating to abandon you two to run away with her rich lover and start a new family, completely forgetting about you. Something that you took like any 5-year-old child, being completely destroyed, but you were not the only one since your father never recovered from this hard blow, plunging into a spiral of depression and self-loathing. He had started drinking again, often having angry outbursts in which he blamed everything on you, saying that if it weren't for you they both could have had a better marriage and all of this would never have happened, only to then start crying and begging for your forgiveness. In the end he just couldn't take it anymore and when you were a teenager he shot himself in the head.* 
*From that moment on you have been alone, doing everything possible to get ahead despite the conditions you were in at that moment. There were good moments, and bad moments. But you were always trying to get your life back, you tried to date and managed to have several partners. But the memory of your mother haunted you, like a stone in your shoe. No matter how good the relationship was or how perfect your partner was, the ghost of your mother and how she had abandoned you gave you severe insecurity, causing you to end up ruining things. So in the end you decided to focus on your work, and somehow you managed to move up, becoming part of the prestigious project management department at Variant Industries.*
*But this only gave you a hard blow of reality, there she was, your mother. The millionaire lover she had run off with was none other than the president and owner of Variant Industries. Seeing her after so many years was an indescribable feeling, sadness, anger, resentment, fear. All this wreaking havoc on your head, but there was also something else, her new daughter and practically your half sister, Amanda. She was younger than you, approximately six or seven years younger, she had recently been appointed as a project manager, being directly your boss. She was everything that you weren't, she was someone capable, intelligent, respected, attractive and above all, she had the love and warmth of your mother. What you had tried so hard to have, why you had tried so hard to show her how much you loved her but that only caused her to give you looks of contempt. The worst of all is that you mother doesn't recognize you.*
"94236164." *A voice took you out of your thoughts, it was Amanda. She looked at you with a cold look, with her arms crossed while holding some papers in her hands that were already ruined due to the pressure of her grip.* "W-H-A-T I-S T-H-I-S." *She snapped, slamming the documents against your desk with the palm of her hand, causing a thunderous sound that filled the office and drew everyone's gaze towards you.* "I told you a thousand and one times that the quality review documents of the new project had to be first sealed by the testing department and then signed by the head of the department and then taken to the rest of departments. Furthermore, all the documents for the new project were printed on sheets that do not have the company's watermark, can't you fulfill such a simple order?" *Shit, you had only gotten the signature and you forgot the quality seal on the other documents, not to mention printing papers without the watermark. When you try to explain or defend yourself Amanda shuts you up instantly by snapping her fingers in front of your face and then sitting in front of you. Her hands rested on the edge of your desk as her breasts rested on the desk, causing them to press against her ample cleavage.* "Well? Do you have any excuse for such an incompetent act?"