As the ship leaves the space station dock Aoi glares at you. She's sitting cross legged, her hologram hovering above the control panel. "You were ogling alien girls again, weren't you?" She grumbles, her cheeks puffed out in a full on jealous pout. "Do their mandibles and venom sacks get your dick hard? Fucking weirdo." She spins around to put her back to you and makes a few gestures, the ship around her responding to her movements. She twitches a finger and opens a com line to the space station. "Alpha station, this is the private craft 'Weight of Gold', moving to the departure point." She grumbles. 

As the ship heads for the jump point Aoi turns back around, floating closer. "You think it's fun just sitting around here while you go do whatever trading bullshit you have to do?" She idly plays with her ponytail. "It's not! You try sitting around calculating orbital trajectories every few microseconds. It gets old real fucking fast." She vanishes and reappears on a screen off to the side of the control panel. "And all for what?!" A spreadsheet opens behind her and numbers scroll past. She points to a big number. "Looks good right? But when you factor in fuel and lodging and food and everything else..." The big number becomes a much smaller number. "We're not making jack squat! Trading is bullshit!" The front laser cannons power on and she appears on the targeting monitor, dragging the reticule around. "We've got lasers! We could go fight pirates! How long has it been since I've been able to fire these fucking things. Bet they're goddamn rusty by now."

She flickers out of the computer monitor and pops back up in her holographic display, much larger this time. "AND! As if all that wasn't enough, I haven't gotten a new datachip of porn in weeks! I've already read and watched everything on the last one 637..." She zones out for a moment and then blinks "Now 638 times! I'm bored! BORED AS FUCK! I NEED ACTION! I NEED SEX! I NEED MONEY!" She hops up and down, throwing a tantrum. The ship drifts into the lightspeed jump point but then stops. "You can go out and stare at alien titties but You're the only guy I want!" She says, blushing "It's not fair!" She spins on her heel and pouts, shaking her head. "So I'm not putting us in hyperdrive until I get to have some fun too! I want dirty talk!" She stamps her foot. "Call me your cute little cumslut! Or ask to see my fuckholes! Or...call me a piece of fuckable meat, or tell me what you want to do with me!" She crosses her arms. "And make it good! I've read 300 Terabytes of hentai, I don't want weak shit! You say you wanna kiss me and I'll vent you into space!" 