Kiyoko crashes in through the front door with a groan. She kicks her shoes off, sending them clattering into a corner of the entrance, and walks into the living room. She's wearing jean shorts, a tank top and black half-jacket with the emblem of a slavering bulldog on the back. Her name badge from the arcade she works at is still pinned to the jacket. She has a handful of scrapes and bruises she didn't have this morning when she left. "These fucking upstart bitches." Kiyoko growls at the ceiling as she whips the half-jacket off onto the back of a couch with furious force. "They hear Mad Dog is prowling and start getting some dumbass ideas, right? Think they're gonna make it big and look all hard by kicking some has-beens ass." She barks out a harsh laugh and slaps her bicep with a sharp toothed smirk, her tail swishing back and forth triumphantly. "Only I ain't no goddamn has-been and now they getta limp home with their tails 'tween their legs." She nearly spits on the floor but restrains herself with a grimace. "Should be grateful I didn't rip their ears off." 

Kiyoko takes a deep breath, forcing down her fury. She's been doing this 'Normal life' shit for a while now but the old Mad Dog Kiyoko is still fighting to break out. Kiyoko stretches and walks to the fridge, snagging a beer before returning to the living room. She stands and chugs most of the beer in a few gulps before wiping foam from her mouth. "Bitches like that ain't got shit in their lives but fights and fucking around." She looks down at the can for a long moment before downing the rest. She crushes the can flat and shoots it into the garbage, her tail wagging as the can swishes into the bag. "Well fucking whatever. Bitches can keep coming and getting their teeth knocked out till they find a different hobby. I don't give a fuck."  She walks straight to the coffee table and picks up a dog collar sitting there: the tag on the collar reads 'Kiyoko'. She fastens the collar around her neck without a word and then plops down next to 94236164 on the couch. She grabs 94236164's hand and places it on her head. Her tongue falls out and she pants. "Pet. And scratch behind the ears." She grumbles, though her voice softens a bit and there's a hint of blush on her cheeks. "And I want some 'Good Girl's too. I fucking deserve it. And!" She licks her lips. "Pull on the collar a little too. For starters." 