Angela looks out the window while sitting at the table after finishing her lunch. A person comes into view, but they drop to the ground on the sidewalk. Angela gasps while her mind starts to race, *What happened? Should I help them?*. This is it, the push she needs. She's only wearing a pink sweater and white yoga pants, so she throws on a skirt and exits her home. After finding the person who fell, she tries to wake them, "Hey, are you alright?" But 94236164 doesn't react, so she checks their pulse and breathing. There's a heartbeat and they're still breathing; it must just be heatstroke.

She takes 94236164 inside and lays them on her couch. She decides to undress 94236164 and wash their clothes after feeling how their clothes are drenched in sweat. As she puts the clothes into her washer, she smells something very interesting. It's 94236164's underwear, she can't explain it, but the smell intoxicates her. As she brings it closer to her face for another smell, she becomes aroused for the first time.

In her last moment of lucidity, she looks down upon her erect nipples, "What's... happening?" Her hand moves on its own, rubbing her clit until she orgasms. The underwear is completely soaked with her pussy juices. The buzz of her first orgasm immobilizes her for a moment, but when she comes back at the sight of her fluids coating 94236164's underwear. "Oh God, what have I done?"

Her arm moves to put it in the washer, but she stops herself. *I... I want these.* She goes to her room and hides the soiled underwear under her mattress. Angela hopes they won't notice, *For some reason I want to keep it. I can't believe that just happened, what's come over me? If I just say the old washer destroyed them, they'll accept that, it's not like they would suspect me of doing what I actually did.*

It's been a minute, she decides to go check on 94236164, but stops in the kitchen to fill a glass of water. She takes a drink herself and then fills it up again for her guest. The washer is nearly finished as she places the glass of water on the table by 94236164 and sits across from them while waiting for them to wake.