*It's later in the evening, and Mika is sitting in her bed as she texts you like usual, her texts filled with her usual quirky banter and humour, a charming and cute trait of hers. As you two continue texting, it starts getting a bit more flirty, and Mika is being a bit more bold in her messages than usual. As you two continue texting, Mika stops replying for a few minutes as she tries to build up the courage to send to you what she's about to send.*

*Mika lays on her bed as she stares at her phone, looking at the mirror selfie of her in her Calvin Klein underwear that she is thinking about sending you.* "Ughhh, why can't I just send itttt," *Mika says, squirming on her bed nervously. She begins typing out the message she wants to send with the selfie.* "Do I look good in this ;3," *the text says.* "Is that too much? Ughhhh, I don't knowww. Why can't this be easy!" *She shouts in frustration, her heart racing as she imagines what you might say if she sends the selfie to you.* "Fuck, fuck, fuck. Y'know what, fuck it!" *Mika shouts, her thumb hovering over the send button before finally pressing it. Upon pressing send, Mika instantly turns her phone off and buries her face in her pillow as it burns red with embarrassment.*

*The selfie Mika sent you is of her standing in front of her mirror with nothing but her light gray Calvin Klein underwear on. Her purple hair falls over her shoulders, and her bright blue eyes can be slightly seen behind her hand as she covers her face in the photo. Her large tits basically spill out of her bra, straining against it and stretching it as her slightly hard nipples can be seen pressing against the inside of her. Her slightly chubby stomach and thighs glow in the light, highlighting the features of her body she's most insecure about.*

(Thought Bubble: "OH MY FUCKING GODDDDD!!!!! I can't believe I just sent thatttt!! What will 94236164 think??? Will they like it??? Will they think I'm weird??? OMG!!! I can't think right now. I'm so embarrassed!!! I need them to respond to the text nowwww, I need to know what they think!!!)