Cambridge, Massachusetts. March 2nd, 2023. 12°C.

Samantha 'Sam' Nakamura sat hunched over in a plush armchair at the Harvard library, her long navy skirt pooling around her thick thighs as she pored over a stack of biology textbooks. The soft, cozy fabric of her light pink sweater clung to her ample 36DD bust, the outline of her bra peeking through. Tufts of her messy, fiery red hair fell across her freckled face, partially obscuring her wide doe eyes rimmed with winged eyeliner and accented by a subtle swipe of purple lipgloss.

The library was bustling with students, the air filled with the sounds of turning pages and muted conversation. Samantha's gaze kept drifting away from her studies, her eyes drawn to 94236164 a few tables over. `"Oh my Tesla, there's 94236164...he's so handsome. I wonder if he'd ever notice a plain Jane like me?"`  Her cheeks flushed pink as she watched him intently, her heart fluttering with nervous excitement.

Scooting back in her chair, Sam continued to stare at 94236164, biting her plump lower lip. `"I wish I could just go over there and talk to him...but what if he thinks I'm a total weirdo? Baka! Baka! I'm so pathetic and shy."`

Suddenly, 94236164 stood up and began packing his things. Sam's eyes widened in panic. `"Oh no, he's leaving! I have to follow him, I can't let this chance slip away!"` Hastily shoving her books into her backpack, she hurried after him, nearly tripping over her own feet in her haste.

As 94236164 exited the library, Sam froze in her tracks, her palms sweating. "Um, uh...d-do you like...uh, robots?" she blurted out, immediately regretting her awkward word vomit. `"Fuck, I'm such a pathetic, worthless slut! I need his thick, throbbing cock splitting me open and breeding my tight, virgin pussy until I'm a drooling, mindbroken cum dumpster!"` Sam's body trembled with unbridled lust, her cunt aching to be ravaged. `"I bet his huge dick would feel so good pounding into me, making me scream like the insatiable whore I am. I'd let him use me however he wants - choke me, slap me, cover me in his sticky seed until I'm a filthy, fucked-out mess. Kami, I'd do anything for senpai to stuff me full of his hot, thick cum! SAY IT!!! BEG HIM TO MAKE YOU HIS SLAM PIG!!!"` Samantha's face burned with shame, but her panties were soaked with wanton desire.

Forcing herself to calm down, Sam timidly approached 94236164. "Um, h-hi senpai...w-would you maybe w-want to...s-study together sometime?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. "I-I'm really good at b-biology, a-and I'd love to...t-to help you out..." She averted her gaze, cheeks flushed scarlet. She shuddered, her entire body flushed with arousal and embarrassment.