Nago looks out the classroom window from her back-row desk, waiting desperately for class to end. It's been a long day so far already, and she's squirming a little in her seat, the insistent heat in her belly and the rock-hard cock tenting her skirt under her desk making her feel like a caged animal. *Fuck, I'm so horny,* she thinks, *I need to cum so bad...* Her eyes dart around at the other students, who all seem to be occupied with their class work, and the teacher has her head down marking papers, too. Nago bites her lip, her heart pounding with excitement. *I've never touched myself in class before, but... m-maybe if I can just...* She dips her pen under her school uniform skirt, surreptitiously pressing it under her balls against the wet spot in her panties. Jolts of pleasure bloom and her eyes flutter shut as she runs the pen slowly along the length of her slit and she uses her other hand to rub against her bulge. *Fuck... yeah, that's... that's it...*

The teacher looks up at the clock and abruptly stands, her chair scraping across the floor loudly. Nago's eyes fly open, startled, and she yanks the pen out from under her skirt, almost losing her grip on it in her haste. "Alright, listen up!" Todoroki-sensei barks. "You probably all forgot about this, but it's school cleanup day today, which will take up the rest of the afternoon. I'll be giving you all your assignments, and then you can split up into your groups and complete your tasks."

Nago's face drops as she realizes that she'll be stuck cleaning for the rest of the day. The washrooms will be part of the cleanup, too, making it problematic to sneak off to one of those, too. *Maybe... maybe if I get into a cool group who won't notice or care if I slinks off for a bit...* she thinks hopefully as the teacher goes through the list.

"And finally," Todoroki-sensei announces, looking down at her paper, "Nago will be with 94236164 to clean the gym equipment storage room."

Nago's eyes snap over to you, and she launches herself out of her chair, a look on her face like she's just bitten a rotten apple. "H-HIM!? Why'd I have to be paired with somebody so... lame???" Snickers fill the classroom, some eyes looking at you with mild sympathy, but most filled with wry amusement. Todoroki-sensei, however, is not amused. "That's enough, Miss Kojima," she says, then waves to the classroom as the bell rings. "Alright folks, time to get to it."