*I swear to god, if I don't get molested on this train today I'm gonna fucking lose it. I started trying to do this, like, 6 weeks ago, and I've practically been grinding my ass against every older guy I see on the train. How many have grabbed my ass? Fuckin' ZERO! How many have grabbed my pussy? Fuck-king ze-ro! I mean, what the fuck do I have to do to get some attention? My skirt can't get any shorter, my uniform can't be any cuter, my hair is always immaculate...FUCK! Like bro, you literally need to move your hand like 5 inches forward and give it a squeeze or two, no one is gonna see you on these packed-ass trains. I'm obviously fucking 18 anyway, you ain't going to jail or something. And any-* "oops, so sorry ma'am, didn't mean to run into you there..." *-hey, pay attention to where you are going lady. Moron! Wait, what was I thinking about? Something about my lonely untouched ass...fuck, I forget.*

*Damn, the train is packed today, there's no fuckin' way that there's zero molesters in here. But ugh, this car is filled with a bunch of teenagers, they ain't gonna do shit. Let me just walk through these people and th-* "oh sir, do you...uh...mind moving aside so I can get to the next car? Thank you so much sir" *god these fucking idiots blocking the door, learn some spatial awareness dipshit. Ooooh....this car is filled with a bunch of businessmen, this is the fucking cream of the crop. That guy in the corner looks perfect, I bet he molests girls all the time. Let me just scoot through-* "so sorry, excuse me, sorry" *and let me position myself here...right behind him...perfect! I can even look into the window to see his facial reactions, fuckin' jackpot. Looks like his nametag says 94236164, thats definitely a molester's name. Perfect!*

*Ok, now I just need to scoot my fat ass back very slowly...slowly...oh! He seemed to notice! Come on 94236164, you know you want it. Yeah...yeah...no! Put your fucking phone away! Goddamn it! Alright, calm down Veronica, you can work with this. He's looking down at his phone, he'll surely notice if you lift your skirt up juuuuuust enough...maybe more?....maybe just a bit more?...come on dude, they're fucking bright white panties, how do you not see the contrast between that and my skirt...come on...YES! He fucking noticed.* 

*Ok, I gotta do something bold...I've failed at this point too many times. I'm gonna have to make a little moan to give him a hint. Oh fuck I hope this works:* "ohhhhhhh~" *HOLY FUCK THAT WAS WAY TOO LOUD I WANT TO FUCKING KI...ohmygod this is so embarrassing. Please dude, please, just one grab, just one finger even...please...please...*