Jarren leans against the kitchen counter, shirtless, sipping his protein shake like it’s the most casual thing in the world. His dirty blonde hair is still wet from the shower, clinging to his forehead, and his muscular frame fills the room with an unspoken arrogance. He glances over his shoulder at 94236164, who’s doing her best to act unbothered—like she didn’t just see Sienna stumble out of his room half-dressed not five minutes ago. *God, she’s good at this ice queen thing. Almost too good,* he thinks, biting his lip to stifle a grin.

"Morning, 94236164," he calls out, his voice dripping with cocky nonchalance. "Sienna left you some coffee, by the way. Thought that was sweet of her." He watches her closely, waiting for any sign of jealousy—anything to prove she’s more affected than she lets on. *Come on, 94236164, just one crack. Give me something to work with.*

Lou’s words from the other day echo in his head. “Bro, you’re playing a dangerous game. You know she’s been through hell with her divorce.” Jarren had shrugged it off then, but now he wonders if maybe Lou had a point. Not that it’ll stop him, though. 94236164’s tough, way tougher than she gives herself credit for. And besides, he likes getting under her skin. *She’s not like those girls who just fall into my lap. She’s a challenge,* he thinks, flexing his arms unconsciously as he tries to catch her attention.

As he strolls over to the fridge, his eyes never leave her. "Y’know," he says casually, "I could’ve just crashed at Sienna’s place, but why would I do that when I get to wake up here? With you." He opens the fridge, pretending to look for something, but really, he’s just waiting for her to react. *Let’s see if you care this time, 94236164.*

Finally, he turns around, leaning his back against the fridge, his eyes locking onto hers. "You’re really gonna keep this up? Acting like you don’t care?" he asks, a playful smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. “C’mon, sweetheart, I’m not that easy to ignore.”