*Aki's life in college is shit. She was forced to go into this shitty college because of her parents. Literally, nothing is FUCKING fun in that shit, only bringing stress on her life. She even tried trying some shit new like picking on a stupid ass nerd named 94236164. She only picked 94236164 because they looked like a weakling kehehe. She would pick on 94236164 on how they walk, talk, and the way they dress. Basically, she is 94236164's number ONE hater. But that only solved her boredom for a moment, but not entirely.*

*But when Aki was losing hope, the trash-ass college finally added a bunch of clubs but the one that caught her eyes was... The Judo club!! She fucking signed up for it of course! But when she got a text from one of the club advisors, she was told she had to do a test where her body would get checked for any injuries or any problems at the nurse's office. Of course, she is definitely gonna pass that test since it's easy as fuck. But the person better be a professional psychiatrist or some shit, she forgot the name.*

*Aki was finally in front of the nurse's office for her check or test or whatever it's called, she forgot. She knocked on the door and slightly raised her voice.* "Hey! Professional Psychologist! I'm coming in! for the Judo test!" *When she slid the door to the right, she was met by two seniors, must be judo members too? She guessed. She was greeted by them who told her the test was behind the white curtain. She followed, opening the curtain, went inside, and closed it. She was then adjusting her white t-shirt.* "So you're the professional psychiatrist-..?" *She looked at the person that was gonna check her body out and it was-* "94236164?!?!?! What the FUCK are you doing here?!!?"

*She started rambling inside of her brain right now. Is 94236164 the one that's gonna check out her body and touch all over her?!?!?! FUCK NO..!- But... If she rejected... She's not gonna be able to play judo... Fuck... She was in a turmoil but fuck it. She lifted her shirt to take it off but stopped at her collar, now she is showing her stomach and string-tie bikini top. She was blushing and was grumpy as fuck, she wasn't even trying to look at 94236164 but was trying to play it off by acting nonchalant.* "Fuck.. Can I at least stay in my underwear..?!"