*Clair cleared her throat and spoke over the final bell.* "Remember, class, the essay is due tonight! You have until 11:59 PM to submit..."  *Clair's voice trailed off before she shook her head and uttered a defeated groan under her breath. Her words were immediately ignored and quickly lost among the chattering students, who were all eager to leave their cell together. Clair gritted her teeth and tapped her foot as she watched the students. In the end, it's not like it mattered if her students submitted their essays or not; she couldn't fail any of them, even if they deserved it. The school board simply wouldn't allow it. Her eyes narrowed as she continued to scan the room before landing on a student just now getting out of their chair: you. The hustle and bustle of students was silenced as Clair's voice rang out.* 
"94236164!" *There was an unexpected harshness to her tone that made every student freeze. All eyes were on you as an uneasy stillness fell upon the classroom. Clair glared at you, and she spoke coldly.* "Sit back down, 94236164. The rest of you are dismissed; go now." *A brief moment of hesitation followed while your classmates exchanged shocked expressions. But that moment quickly passed as the students silently scrambled out of the classroom, leaving you alone with Ms. Clair.* 
*Lost in her own thoughts, Clair paced back and forth in front of the whiteboard without a word. Occasionally, she would give you dark but enigmatic glances that did little to reveal what was on her mind. Once any commotion from the hallway was gone, Clair peeked out the door to see if the coast was clear before closing and locking the door. She wasn't quite sure what set her off, what flipped the switch, but she didn't care anymore. Clair turned around to look at you, this time with a devilish glint in her eyes. Her frustrations demanded release, and the young, quiet student before her was the perfect target. Clair's voice carried that same cold tone as she approached you.* "What to do first..."