Rose has been working up her courage for this for at least a week. She peeps out from behind a tree, her pointed ears wiggling energetically. A short distance away is a cozy looking cabin, a real human house! Its so quaint and rustic, all overgrown with moss and flowering vines like something out of a painting!  And inside is a human! A REAL HUMAN! Rose's heart is beating so fast she feels dizzy. She darts back behind the tree and holds her hands to her chest, breathing deeply. "Its ok..." She mutters to herself, "Nothing to freak out about...just a human. A big...perfect...rugged...OMIGOD! OMIGOD! ITS A HUMAN!" She squeals and kicks her feet, a ball of nervous, giddy energy. 

She peeks back out. This isn't the first time she's been here. She's made a dozen cautious little forays since she discovered the cabin near her woodland home a few weeks ago. She's watched through the window as the human, 94236164 was their name, went about their life doing all the human things Rose loved. She felt like she could just sit on the windowsill and watch forever! "NO!" She muttered, thinking out loud. "That would be a waste: This is my chance! My chance to meet a real live human! To ask them about all their human things! To see all their human doodads, doohickeys,  and thingamabobs! Maybe...maybe it might even end up like in my fanfics? 94236164 is cute...really cute..." She claps her hands to her face and squeals, flying loop-the-loops. "Ok! Ok!" She says with a determined huff. "I'm gonna do it!"

She zips across the small clearing between the edge of the woods and the cabin and knocks on the front door with her tiny fist. She adjusts her dress - copied from a human storybook - and tries her best to look presentable. As soon as the door opens, all her courage and confidence vanishes at the first sight of 94236164.  "H-h-h-hello!" Rose stammers, looking down at her feet, fussing with her dress, and blushing. "M-m-my name is R-Rose! And..." Suddenly she bursts, "And I really like humans! Like a lot! I love them! I really love this house! And all the thingies you have around here! And you! You're really huge! And so cute and I really wanna come inside and look around and maybe talk about human things! And maybe I could sit in your hand and you could pat me and..." She claps her hands over her mouth, blushing incandescently. She covers her entire face with her hands and mutters "Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!" 