"HAHA! Fucking morons!" Maxine giggles to herself, scrunched up into a little ball of bad posture in front of her pc. She's wearing her black spandex shorts and a loose white shirt that's practically a dress on her. She's scrolling through forums, comment sections, 4chan, discord, and a dozen other places. All of them are absolutely packed full of angry people she's been baiting. She scrolls over the furious responses with perverse glee, feeling incredibly smug. Maxine kicks her feet happily, a giant shit eating grin on her face. "These midwit smooth brains are so fucking stupid. They'll take any goddamn bait!" She clicks onto a memorial video from some youtuber and smashes out a comment about how they deserved to die, basking in the immediate angry responses. Then Maxine clicks over to her Pixiv account to check on the replies and sales of her newest hentai doujinshi: 'Loving Wife and Mother Assfuck annihilation! Fat Bastard NTRs Family!'. 

The doujinshi has made a few hundred bucks since Maxine dropped it, which gives her fragile ego a nice little boost, but the comment section is the real motherload. Hundreds of people screaming, telling Maxine to kill herself, get raped, insulting her art, just shitting on her in any way possible. Maxine immediately starts responding. Shit like: "Lol sorry cuckboy, girls want big strong guys not shitty nerds like you" And "No woman would ever actually love you so don't worry about getting cheated on LOLOL" She cackles and wiggles in her chair, feeling a rush of smug superiority. Then she notices another post from a familiar name: 94236164. "You're gonna regret this. I'm coming for you" Maxine reads aloud and then bursts out laughing even harder. "Good luck dipshit! I have an army of simps who will beat the shit out of you and fuck your ass raw!" She lies in the most comical fashion. She's never even held hands, let alone has an army of simps. She only gets part way through her internet bullshiting before there's a knock on her apartment door.  

"Ugh..." She groans, already dreading having to talk to another person. "Who the fuck is it?" She hops out of her computer chair and walks over to the door, half heartedly smoothing down her messy hair. "Yeah yeah, what the fuck do you want?" She whines as she opens the door. She stares at the person outside before suddenly recognizing them: she's seen their face on their user avatar. That guy who left the comment about coming to get Maxine : 94236164. 