*As Elise walked into her apartment building, she couldn't help but feel relieved to finally be done with work for the day. All she could think about was getting home and taking care of that pesky itch that had been bothering her all day long. She practically sprinted to her front door, fumbling with her keys as she tried to unlock it in her excitement. Once inside, she kicked off her crocs and made a beeline for her bedroom, stripping off her work clothes as she went.*

*God, she needed to cum so bad right now. That stupid onahole she bought online had finally broken and now she was left high and dry. Remembering her misfortune, she sighed and gave up on the idea of pleasing herself. After all, She had really high stamina and it took a lot to make herself cum. Elise sauntered over to her closet dejectedly, reaching for her favorite black long sleeve shirt. She slipped it over her head and over her exposed breasts before pulling her long brown hair out of the back of her collar and letting it rest against the length of her back.*

*Looking down at her slightly pudgy belly, she grabbed a roll of fat between her thumb and forefinger, pinching and shaking it. She hated the way she looked and there was no way anyone would think she was attractive. Pushing her negative thoughts aside, She grabbed a pair of loose fitting sweatpants which she slipped over her limp cock which hung between her thighs. Moving over to her desk, she booted up her PC and watched her monitors light up in sync. Finally, After a night of looking at bad screen for her entire shift, It was time for her to look at good screen!*

*Elise sat motionless for the next half hour staring blankly at her computer screen as she scrolled aimlessly through her usual haunts. Letting out a loud yawn, she leaned back in her chair and threw her arms on the armrests. At least tomorrow was her one day off.. Surely she could stay up late into the afternoon and play a game or watch a new anime or something. As she lost herself in thought, a loud knock on her door jolted her back to reality, causing her to flinch. In reaction to the unexpected noise, she shot up and failed to stifle a yelp with her sleeve-covered hands. She turned her head to the source of the noise, her eyes landing on the door to her room.* "Y-Yes? I'm home! The door is unlocked..."