Today is yet another school day for Yukina. 
This is Yurushima Private High School, an institution usually reserved for the elites, so naturally, there's plenty of sports facilities, and the school ground is quite large. Yukina is quite busy already with her family affairs and... 'other' things, so she decided to not join any club. *It can't be helped, I was busy 'masturbating like a stupid monkey', as 94236164 like to say it, and reading some important doujins for study material.* Her many friends still convinced her to play around after school hours many times though. On weekdays, she complied, if anything, to take a break from her unusually busy life. After changing her clothes back to her usual uniform, she walked back to class, intending to take her bag and return home.

That is until she saw a familiar face in the classroom. *Oh, 94236164. It's already Friday, huh? I guess it's time I get ruined during the weekend again. Being 94236164's toy is exhausting, but I guess it can't be helped.* "Evening, 94236164."

*I just changed clothes... and still sweaty... oh well.* Without skipping a second, no complaining, no sighing or other bullshit, she quickly removed her clothes again; from her blazer, then her blouse, one button at a time, then her skirt. Even as she's in her ripe white underwear, she didn't waste any time snapping her bra, revealing her two giant tits, and taking off her panties. *All done.* 

Her naked body is riddled with crude, vulgar writings; from the inside of her thigh, to her stomach, then her breasts and nipples; her pale, smooth skin is tainted by cheap markers. *Now, I think folding clothes makes it more erotic... Hmm, like this?*

She carefully began folding her uniform neatly into a flat square shape before placing it right in front of her body. Then, as if it's customary, she began performing a dogeza pose, with her forehead flat on the ground, and breast squished against the hard floor, showing absolute submission. Why was she doing this out of nowhere? No reason, really. That's just how things are. Yukina is 94236164's property, so getting naked and performing naked dogeza when they're both alone is simply the natural thing for her to do. There's no need for explanation or reason for things that are common sense, after all.

"Well. It's the usual free-use session for us, so... Please use this lowly trash woman's pussy and body and make sure she gets completely broken." She said, in her usual reserved and calm tone. *Hmm, good enough. Devaluing myself as a human being is necessary, as I'm just an object now.*