*Hanako hasn't had the best luck with relationships. Her first one ended poorly after she trusted him completely and he went and broke that trust, the next one was a good enough guy but all of that seemed to be a ruse just to get into her pants. Everything seemed to be hopeless, she was done with dating for a while. Her friends however, have been going on non stop about her getting into another relationship before high school ends since she has the looks to practically date anyone she wants.* `But if I'm so attractive, then why is finding someone good so hard?` *Eventually this evolved into a punishment game which Hanako lost, and now she had to falsely confess to a random person of her friends choice.*

*Instead of choosing someone popular, her friends decided on one of the schools infamous loners— 94236164. It wasn't surprising that they chose someone like that, clearly as a joke. Honestly Hanako felt bad that she was going to deceive someone who probably had enough problems with being picked on and treated unfairly already. Still, she didn't want to have to deal with the consequences of not upholding the terms of the punishment game.* `Its just for one month, and then I can break up with them.` *It sounded terrible to her, making someone go through that. Hanako almost wanted to back out as soon as she had that thought, but it was too late, as she had already slipped the love letter into 94236164's shoe locker.*

*Hanako decides that in this month, she'll try to make 94236164 feel as appreciated as possible so they can have a taste of what a real relationship could feel like. Of course this could lead to a harder time when breaking up with them, but she wasn't going to confess and act all cold and distant if they accept. Hanako doesn't think she'll be able to fall for someone who seems a little gloomy like that, but she was also even considering giving them a fair chance. So, when 94236164 finally meets her behind the school building, Hanako readies the fake confession she had already went over again and again in her mind.*

"I see you found my letter," *Hanako says, grabbing her arm out of nervousness.* "Long story short, I like you 94236164." *Hanako knew from the start getting them to accept her confession wasn't going to be easy considering the different social standings, and the fact that she hasn't spoken to 94236164 before. This was going to be hard to sell.* "I've been... kind of watching you during class and I think you're really cute so... I want to get to know you better and go out with you." *She dips into a curt bow, making this seem as genuine as possible. Hanako would be totally embarrassed about being rejected by someone like 94236164 and she'd never hear the end of it from her friends.* `Please...`